### COVID-19 Special Precautions and Conduct:  

-   *Camera While Remote*: Students who are attending a class session synchronously are required to have their video enabled.

-   *Face Coverings*: Face coverings are mandatory at all times (with the exception of when drinking water) while in on-campus class sessions. Failure to follow this requirement is grounds for disciplinary action and may lead to removal from the classroom and/or the course.

-   *Recordings*: Students are expressly prohibited from recording any part of this course. Meetings of this course might be recorded by the University. Any recordings will be available to students registered for this class as they are intended to supplement the classroom experience. Students are expected to follow appropriate University policies and maintain the security of passwords used to access recorded lectures. Recordings may not be reproduced, shared with those not in the class, or uploaded to other online environments. If the instructor or a University of Miami office plans any other uses for the recordings, beyond this class, students identifiable in the recordings will be notified to request consent prior to such use.

-   *Class Attendance Policy*: Unless you are approved to take this course under the Remote Learning Option, physical attendance in the classroom is required as scheduled. You are expected to participate with your video enabled during your non-classroom days. If at some point in the semester you cannot physically attend class sessions due to illness, injury, or other approved absence, you must contact the instructor for permission to temporarily attend the course online. Unexcused absences from the classroom may affect your grade or lead to failing the course. (Please also include your normal attendance/participation language, language on excused and unexcused absences, etc.)  

  -   If you are approved to take this course under the Remote Learning Option, attendance in the virtual class is required as scheduled unless this creates undue hardship due to differences in your residential time-zone and that of Miami Florida. If you are a Remote Learning Option student, you may not under any circumstances physically attend the class on campus. If you cannot attend the virtual class due to illness or other reason, you must contact the instructor. Unexcused absences from the classroom may affect your grade or lead to failing the course. Please see the full Attendance Policy for this course under the headline "Class Attendance and Absences" (above).

  -   If you are approved to take this course under the Remote Learning Option, you must keep up with the virtual class as scheduled. You may not under any circumstances physically attend the class on campus. If you cannot keep up with the virtual class due to illness or other reason, you must contact the instructor. Failure to keep up with the virtual class as scheduled may affect your grade or lead to failing the course. Please see the full Attendance Policy for this course under the headline "Class Attendance and Absences" (above).

-   *Assigned student seating*: The seat you select on the first day of class must be from among those identified as meeting the physical distance requirements for COVID-19; this seat will be your assigned seat for the remainder of the semester. This will enable the most effective COVID-19 contact tracing, should it be required.

-   *Daily symptom checker*: Students are required to use the Daily Symptom Checker and be cleared to attend class each day. Students may be asked to show the green “Good to Go” notice. You may be required to produce your notice at any time while on campus. Students who fail to comply or to produce their “Good to Go” notice will be asked to leave the classroom.

-   **TODO IF NEEDED** *Online Exams with Respondus LockDown Browser in Blackboard*: It is important to clearly state on the syllabus how students will be assessed. If you plan to give online exams using the Respondus LockDown Browser available in Blackboard, students must install the Respondus Lockdown Browser software on their personal computer before taking the exam. The webcam feature (Respondus Monitor) will record the student during the online exam so each student’s personal computer must have a webcam, microphone and a broadband connection. Students can download and install the LockDown Browser with this link: https://download.respondus.com/lockdown/download.php?ID=527636896. Students can also review instructions in the Student Quick Start Guide: https://web.respondus.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/08/RLDB-Quick-Start-Guide-Bb-Student.pdf.